Improve installation docs (#77)
valeriupredoi/bgcval2: README.md

`analysis_compare` | runs comparison of multiple single jobs  | analysis_compare

### Checking out development branches

Should you want to work on several git development branches, you can switch between them, making sure they always
stay up-to-date with the remote branch; right after you have checked out the `bgcval2` git repository (see above)
you find yourself on the `main` branch (the main development branch); after a while, with new updates upstream (at remote),
this branch (your local `main`) becomes out of date with remote, so you should always update it:
```
git pull origin main
```

After you have updated it, you can now check out a new branch `devel_branch` from upstream, some branch that was recently pushed and you need
to test or contribute to:
```
git fetch -v
git checkout devel_branch
git pull origin devel_branch
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you want to create your own branch, first make sure you are happy with your current code. A good tip is to start from the main branch
\```
git checkout origin/main
git branch new_branch_name
git checkout new_branch_name
\```

```

installing the tool inside it:
```
mamba env create -n bgcval2 -f environment.yml
conda activate bgcval2
pip install -e .[develop]
```

### Creating multiple environments from different branches

Should you need to have multiple environments, each with a different installation of bgcval2 (e.g when working
with different development branches), you can simply create them like instructed above, with the only difference
that the environments must have relevant and differing names. An example: you are working on a branch called
`bgcval2_some-feature` and would like to test it in a bespoke environment, you can create it:
```
mamba env create -n bgcval2_some-feature -f environment.yml
conda activate bgcval2_some-feature
```

then pip-install the tool there, and on you go with testing. This environment exists in parallel with the main feature `bgcval2`
environment, and you can toggle between them with `conda deactivate` current env, then `conda activate` any other environment.

> **_NOTE:_** You don't need to create new environments in parallel if you just want to test a new branch;
after checking out the new branch you can test it immediately, while still in the `bgcval2` environment,

> since `pip install .` is a local installation that uses the local `bgcval2/` repository (it doesn't move

Reviewer: I've been told not to mix conda/mamba and pip. They're not super compatible. 
https://stackoverflow.com/a/56141684/3082690

Author: yeah well we're doing it - it's still OK if you don't rely heavily on both for pkgs installation - we're getting everything from conda-forge and just locally-install with pip, which is fine

installed scripts in such locations as `/opt` or `/lib`)

### Saving and committing local changes

If you made changes to the code, and you want to bring in the latest remote changes (via `git pull`), you have two options:

> - either commit your changes to the remote branch (via `git commit your-changed-code -m "commit message"`, followed by `git push origin your_branch`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- either commit your changes to the remote branch and then push your branch back to github (origin):
\ ```
 git commit your-changed-code -m "commit message"
 git push origin your_branch
\```
```

Reviewer: Apologies for this code, I'm not sure how to add "```" into a github suggesttion.

Author: no worries, I'll get the comments in via the GUI then clean up in vim afterwards :grin:
